packages/oidc/docs/README.md, before:

# @vercel/oidc

## Table of contents

### Functions

- [getVercelOidcToken](README.md#getverceloidctoken)
- [getVercelOidcTokenSync](README.md#getverceloidctokensync)

## Functions

### getVercelOidcToken

▸ **getVercelOidcToken**(): [`Promise`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise)<`string`\>

Gets the current OIDC token from the request context or the environment variable.

Do not cache this value, as it is subject to change in production!

This function is used to retrieve the OIDC token from the request context or the environment variable.
It checks for the `x-vercel-oidc-token` header in the request context and falls back to the `VERCEL_OIDC_TOKEN` environment variable if the header is not present.

**`Throws`**

If the `x-vercel-oidc-token` header is missing from the request context and the environment variable `VERCEL_OIDC_TOKEN` is not set.

**`Example`**

```js
// Using the OIDC token
getVercelOidcToken()
  .then(token => {
    console.log('OIDC Token:', token);
  })
  .catch(error => {
    console.error('Error:', error.message);
  });
```

#### Returns

[`Promise`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise)<`string`\>

A promise that resolves to the OIDC token.

#### Defined in

[get-vercel-oidc-token.ts:24](https://github.com/vercel/vercel/blob/main/packages/oidc/src/get-vercel-oidc-token.ts#L24)

---

### getVercelOidcTokenSync

▸ **getVercelOidcTokenSync**(): `string`

Gets the current OIDC token from the request context or the environment variable.

Do not cache this value, as it is subject to change in production!

This function is used to retrieve the OIDC token from the request context or the environment variable.
It checks for the `x-vercel-oidc-token` header in the request context and falls back to the `VERCEL_OIDC_TOKEN` environment variable if the header is not present.

**`Throws`**

If the `x-vercel-oidc-token` header is missing from the request context and the environment variable `VERCEL_OIDC_TOKEN` is not set.

**`Example`**

```js
// Using the OIDC token
const token = getVercelOidcTokenSync();
console.log('OIDC Token:', token);
```

#### Returns

`string`

The OIDC token.

#### Defined in

[get-vercel-oidc-token.ts:47](https://github.com/vercel/vercel/blob/main/packages/oidc/src/get-vercel-oidc-token.ts#L47)

Commit message:

introduce token refresh behavior for getVercelOidcToken

packages/oidc/docs/README.md, after:

# @vercel/oidc

## Table of contents

### Functions

- [getVercelOidcToken](README.md#getverceloidctoken)
- [getVercelOidcTokenSync](README.md#getverceloidctokensync)

## Functions

### getVercelOidcToken

▸ **getVercelOidcToken**(`refresh?`): [`Promise`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise)<`string`\>

Gets the current OIDC token from the request context or the environment variable.

Do not cache this value, as it is subject to change in production!

This function is used to retrieve the OIDC token from the request context or the environment variable.
It checks for the `x-vercel-oidc-token` header in the request context and falls back to the `VERCEL_OIDC_TOKEN` environment variable if the header is not present.

Unlike the `getVercelOidcTokenSync` function, this function will optionally refresh the token if it is expired.
by pulling the latest token from the Vercel CLI.

**`Throws`**

If the `x-vercel-oidc-token` header is missing from the request context and the environment variable `VERCEL_OIDC_TOKEN` is not set.

**`Example`**

```js
// Using the OIDC token
getVercelOidcToken()
  .then(token => {
    console.log('OIDC Token:', token);
  })
  .catch(error => {
    console.error('Error:', error.message);
  });
```

#### Parameters

| Name      | Type      | Default value | Description                                               |
| :-------- | :-------- | :------------ | :-------------------------------------------------------- |
| `refresh` | `boolean` | `false`       | Whether to refresh the token if it is expired or missing. |

#### Returns

[`Promise`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise)<`string`\>

A promise that resolves to the OIDC token.

#### Defined in

[get-vercel-oidc-token.ts:30](https://github.com/vercel/vercel/blob/main/packages/oidc/src/get-vercel-oidc-token.ts#L30)

---

### getVercelOidcTokenSync

▸ **getVercelOidcTokenSync**(): `string`

Gets the current OIDC token from the request context or the environment variable.

Do not cache this value, as it is subject to change in production!

This function is used to retrieve the OIDC token from the request context or the environment variable.
It checks for the `x-vercel-oidc-token` header in the request context and falls back to the `VERCEL_OIDC_TOKEN` environment variable if the header is not present.

**`Throws`**

If the `x-vercel-oidc-token` header is missing from the request context and the environment variable `VERCEL_OIDC_TOKEN` is not set.

**`Example`**

```js
// Using the OIDC token
const token = getVercelOidcTokenSync();
console.log('OIDC Token:', token);
```

#### Returns

`string`

The OIDC token.

#### Defined in

[get-vercel-oidc-token.ts:68](https://github.com/vercel/vercel/blob/main/packages/oidc/src/get-vercel-oidc-token.ts#L68)
